doc: locking (#4850)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/build-options.rst

You specify the required Python packages for a given Bento using the ``python.packages`` field. BentoML allows you to specify the
desired version and install a package from a custom PyPI source or from a GitHub repository. If a package lacks a specific version,

> BentoML will lock versions for all dependency packages when building a Bento.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BentoML will lock the versions of all Python packages in the current environment when building a Bento.
```
